

Two high level options:
    1) Create partition on initial geometry and then select partition for the 
          model change interaction. 
       Creating the new partition invalidates the predefined field which existed 
          in the instance of the initial part geometry.
    2) Use the cut operation to do a boolean intersection of initial geometry part
          and the tool path part. 
       This causes a new instance to be created in the Assembly module, 
          invalidating predefined fields which may have been defined for the 
          instance of the initial part geometry.

Both of these options suffer from the same problem: Any predefined field which
   existed in the initial geometry is invalidated.

There are three possible solutions:
    1) Recover/regenerate the predefined fields after doing one of the
          aforementioned options.
       This requires figuring out what part regions still exist and applying
          the same predefined fields to those regions.
    2) Require the user to specify the initial residual stress field, in
          addition to the tool path geometries, and use this information to
          imbue a geometry with an initial stress field.
       This requires a general purpose technique of representing a residual
          stress field and a method to map it onto a part representation in
          Abaqus.
       Constructing a residual stress field representation and mapping
          it onto a part geometry in Abaqus is a problem which will need to
          be solved eventually.
       ***
       I like this solution.
       The user has two ways to specify a RS field. They either pass a function
          of one spatial variable which can be piecewise and a resolution
          or they pass geometries (i.e. rectangular prisms) which represent
          regions of equal stress.
       ***

    3) Create representations of everything outside of Abaqus. For example,
          representations of the initial part geometry, the residual stress
          field, and the tool pass geometries would all be necessary.
       With these representations, we could then use more general techniques
          without being constrined by the state that Abaqus makes available
          to us via its API.
        This approach requires a lot of legwork.
