


There needs to be a nice relationship between the residual stress field
   definition and the tool pass definition. There are a couple ways we can
   go about this:
   1) Partition the part to define residual stress. Then add more partitions
      for the tool passes. 
      The downside with this approach is that we will have overlapping 
      partitions. The volume of a cut might pass through multiple regions 
      which have different residual stress tensors.
      This is the way I did things by hand. When doing things by hand it
      has the upside that changes to the mesh do not affect part partitons.
   2) Partition the part to define residual stress. Then mesh the part. Then
      collect elements from the mesh which need to be removed to do the
      part cutting.
      We might eventually want to mesh the part in a way which depends on
      the cuts. This approach might complicate that.
      This approach would allow us to potentially use sets in a clever way
      since a collection of mesh elements can be bundled into a set.
   3) Mesh the part. Then define both residual stress and the part cutting
      in terms of the mesh elements.
      Some potential problem due to dependency between the mesh and the
      cuts.
   4) Create a single part for the initial geometry and a part for each cut.
      Create instances for each of these in the Assembly module. Use the
      cut functionality in the Assembly module to create the post-cut geometry,
      which still has a residual stress pattern in its remaining volume.
      This approach deals with arbitrary cuts in space pretty well. It
      natively removes only overlapping volume. 

A fundamental realization:
Cuts are specified as arbitrary paths in space. However, after the first cut
   is made the geometry of the part might change due to deformation. This
   means that the portion of material which is removed for a single cut depends
   on the deformation which occurred during the previous cut. Therefore, under
   the assumption of non-negligible deformation, each cut requires a single 
   simulation and the simulations must be chained together.



When an Abaqus Feature object is created, another object is also usually created.
   For example, the PartitionFaceBySketch() also creates a new Abaqus Face object
   in addition to the Abaqus Feature object returned by the function. Sometimes
   the location of this new object is a repository (basically a dictionary) and
   sometimes the location of this new object is an array. When the location is
   a repository, the id member of the associated Abaqus Feature object DOES appear
   to be the key for the object. However, when the location is an array, the id
   member for the associated Abaqus Feature object DOES NOT appear to be the index
   into the array. The conclusion is that sometimes the Abaqus Feature object is
   useless and other times it isn't.
A hack can be done where you monitor the sequence of interest (for example, the
   Abaqus FaceArray object associated with an Abaqus Part object) and if you know
   only a single new Abaqus object is created when the feature creation
   happens, you can extract the new Abaqus object by just extracting the
   last entry in the sequence. This forces you to assume that the new Abaqus object
   is always added as the last entry, and that only a single Abaqus object is
   created.



There may or may not be an actual machining process going on while the simulation
   engine is running. This affects the sourcing of the stress profiles. What I mean
   by this is that, at the beginning of each Abaqus simulation, the part must have
   some stress profile associated with it or there is no reason to do a simulation.
   The source of the stress profile at the beginning of each simulation can be
   either: the stress profile from the last simulation or a stress profile estimated
   by the user. Recall that each simulation happens relative to beginning of
   the commitment phase.
   Here are all the cases:
      1) Everything in simulation, very first commitment phase.
         The stress profile must be user supplied. 
      2) Everything in simulation, not first commitment phase.
         The stress profile can be propagated from the end of the last commitment
            phase or can be user specified.
      3) Real-life machining going on, very first commitment phase.
         The stress profile must be user supplied.
      4) Real-life machining going on, not first commitment phase.
         The stress profile can be propagated from the end of the last commitment
            phase or can be user specified.
         Note: If we are highly confident in our stress profile estimate at the
            beginning of a commitment phase and we believe that Abaqus is very
            effective at modeling stress profile evolution, we might want to just
            source the initial profile from Abaqus' final estimate.
   What this all boils down to is that, in both the everything-in-simulation case
      and the real-life case, the user may or may not specify an estimated stress
      profile which acts as the start point for the commitment phase. If the user
      does not specify a stress profile for a commitment phase, the stress profile
      which resulted from the last simulation in the last commitment phase ought
      to be used as the starting point for the new commitment phase. 



Using the noGUI option to invoke an Abaqus script is dangerous. In particular, if
   noGUI is used, there cannot be any monitoring of jobs. This means that a job
   issues no messages when submitted and therefore the waitForCompletion() method
   is useless. This is dangerous if jobs are chained. If waitForCompletion() does
   not work, then an access to an ODB that is still being written to might happen.
   This can cause a segfault.



The user subroutine SIGINI should be used to define a custom stress profile. The
   "Abaqus make" program can be used to compile the user subroutine code. However,
   the only way to actually use the user subroutine is to insert the line "*Initial
   Conditions, Type=Stress, User" in the .inp file. There is no way to include a
   custom stress state via the GUI! A convenient workflow is to set up everything
   but the initial stress state in the GUI, produce the .inp file via the GUI,
   use the "Abaqus make" program to produce the .o object file, and then run the
   job by issuing the command "abaqus job=job.inp interactive user=path/to/object/file.o" 
   at the command line.
